(AC-715) Doc for Converting a Module (#45)
puppetlabs/PuppetDscBuilder: README.md

- [ ] Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance

## Converting a Module from the Public Gallery

> New-PuppetDscModule functions downloads DSC Resources from the PSGallery and builds a Puppet Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `New-PuppetDscModule` function to download DSC Resources from the PSGallery and build a Puppet Module which vendors and exposes those resources as Puppet resources.
```

Lets go through the workflow for building the Puppet Module.

### Building the Module

> `New-PuppetDscModule -PowerShellModuleName "PowerShellGet" -PowerShellModuleVersion "2.1.3"  -PuppetModuleAuthor 'testuser' -OutputDirectory "../bar"`

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```powershell
New-PuppetDscModule -PowerShellModuleName "PowerShellGet" -PowerShellModuleVersion "2.1.3"  -PuppetModuleAuthor 'testuser' -OutputDirectory "../bar"
```
``````

This function will create a new Puppet module, powershellget, which vendors and puppetizes the PowerShellGet PowerShell module at version 2.2.3 and its dependencies, exposing the DSC resources as Puppet resources. 

> By default the respository value to fetch the resource is PSGallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it will fetch from the public PSGallery but this behavior can be overridden,.
```

> The module is generated successfully in import folder of the current path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module is generated successfully in the `import` folder at the current path location.
```

> It contains type, providers, metadata.json, REFERENCE.md etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains type, providers, metadata.json, REFERENCE.md etc. - all the components you need and expect for a Puppet module.
```

> We can use the pdk commands to build and install the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the [PDK commands](https://puppet.com/docs/pdk/1.x/pdk_reference.html) to build and install the module.
```

> `pdk build`
> 
> `pdk bundle exec puppet module install --verbose pkg/*.tar.gz'`

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```sh
pdk build
pdk bundle exec puppet module install --verbose pkg/*.tar.gz'
```
``````

Generated tar file can be uploaded to the forge manually or by using the function `Publish-PuppetModule`

`Publish-PuppetModule -PuppetModuleFolderPath C:\output\testmodule -ForgeUploadUrl https://testforgeapi.test.com/releases -ForgeToken testmoduletoken -Build true -Publish true `

> This command will create or use existing pkg and Publishes the <tarball> to the Forge , for the `testmodule` depends on the options passed for pdk release command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will create or use existing pkg and publish the <tarball> to the Forge, for the `testmodule` depends on the options passed for pdk release command.
```

I'm not sure I follow the second half of this sentence, can you clarify?

### Sample Manifest using the generated module

> `'dsc_psrepository { "Foo":
>   dsc_name               => "Foo",
>   dsc_ensure             => "Present",
>   dsc_sourcelocation     => "c:\\program files",
>   dsc_installationpolicy => "Untrusted",
> }'`

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```puppet
dsc_psrepository { "Foo":
  dsc_name               => "Foo",
  dsc_ensure             => "Present",
  dsc_sourcelocation     => "c:\\program files",
  dsc_installationpolicy => "Untrusted",
}
```
``````

Verify the resources are created successfully.

> `pdk bundle exec puppet resource dsc_psrepository`

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

```sh
pdk bundle exec puppet resource dsc_psrepository
```
``````

### Building

1. Install the EPS module from the PowerShell Gallery

> 2. git clone jpogran/puppetdscbuilder

Reviewer: I think this last chunk of changes can be skipped unless they came from linting?

This section is going to need a rewrite in the near future too, looks like - we don't use EPS or point to James' repo directly anymore.
